docs(rattler-build): warn about requirement for incremental compilation (#345)
prefix-dev/pixi-build-backends: docs/backends/pixi-build-rattler-build.md

If the package is defined in the same location as the workspace, it is heavily encouraged to place the recipe file in its own directory `recipe`.
Learn more about the `rattler-build`, and its recipe format in its [high level overview](https://rattler.build/latest/highlevel).

!!! warning
    If you expect your build script to be compatible with incremental compilation
    (re-using files from previous builds to speed-up future builds),
    you must ensure that the build directory for these files is set outside of the
    source directory in order to enable it. This is because rattler-build requires
    a clean working directory for each build. In practice, this may look like
    changing directory to `../build_dir` in your build script before commencing the

>     build, or passing `../build_dir` as an argument to your build system.

Reviewer: this is correct. The same does not apply to different backends because for those the working directory is preserved. For recipes we clean it because most recipes dont deal with this case well.

>     build, or passing `../build_dir` as an argument to your build system.

Reviewer: exactly!

> !!! warning
>     If you expect your build script to be compatible with incremental compilation
>     (re-using files from previous builds to speed-up future builds),
>     you must ensure that the build directory for these files is set outside of the
>     source directory in order to enable it. This is because rattler-build requires
>     a clean working directory for each build. In practice, this may look like
>     changing directory to `../build_dir` in your build script before commencing the
>     build, or passing `../build_dir` as an argument to your build system.

Author: ```suggestion
!!! warning
    If you expect your build script to be compatible with incremental compilation
    (re-using files from previous builds to speed-up future builds),
    you must ensure that the build directory for these files is set outside of the
    root directory in order to enable the incremental compilation.
    This is because we use a clean root directory for each build,
    to ensure compatibility with recipes which make that assumption.
    
    In practice, this may look like changing directory to `../build_dir` in your
    build script before commencing the build, or passing `../build_dir` as an
    argument to your build system.
```
